hello it's ruby and i hope that you had
a really lovely christmas i know that
this christmas day was very very strange
it did not feel like normal and it was
not like normal it was a very very very
different christmas
and i know that it would have been
hugely difficult for so many people
christmas is supposed to be a time for
family and
lots of people did not get to spend
christmas with their families this year
a lot of the time on the radio i heard
this phrase of like it's just one day
and yes it is just one day uh when you
look at it logically when you look at it
completely objectively but
subjectively it is not just one day it
is for so many people the single
most important day of the year like when
when people are asked what's your
favorite day of the year so many people
will say christmas
that is simply for the fact that you get
to spend it with family you get to spend
it with the people you love
it's a time for celebration of the
people you love so to not be able to
spend christmas with those people
is so hard i know that i'm so lucky and
having been able to spend
christmas with my family that is the
number one like best bit
about our christmas that's the number
one gift that i was given the fact that
i was able to
spend christmas with the people that i
really love usually like this is the
first christmas that i haven't
seen my grandparents on my grit on
christmas day like my mum's parents
always come around for christmas day
i've never had a christmas where they're
not there
and that was very very strange like we
did video call them
and after all this is over we're gonna
have like another makeshift christmas
day where we're going to
um see my auntie uncle cousins and my
grandparents
after the vaccine is like distributed
and it's safe to meet up
and so we're delaying all of our
presents and like the celebrations
till then so we're gonna have like a
second christmas day of bit later on
which will
where we'll have another race dinner and
we will actually be able to spend that
time together the ten of us which is
what we usually do on christmas day
so i'm really looking forward to that i
think it's going to be lovely the fact
that i was able to spend it with my
immediate family i'm so grateful for
and i think this year more than ever i
was really hyper aware
of yes i know that christmas isn't about
presents
of course it's not about presents it's
nothing to do with gifts it's
a magical time of year where there is
kindness and hope and family and love
and it's not about presents but this
year more than ever i was so
so aware of that and i was so hyper
aware of how grateful and lucky
i was to be with my family that day i
think i think this year more than ever
we are so
hyper aware of what the true meaning of
christmas is and
what we love so much about christmas i
was i was very very close to not filming
this and i'm not even sure if i will
actually end up uploading this
because i know christmas wasn't the same
so many people and so
it feels wrong to sit here and show you
what i got for christmas
but i've had like a good five 600
requests to do this video and so i am
going to film it but i'm not trying to
show off
in any way my family really loves
christmas like we are
big christmas fanatics um we've been
watching christmas movies like the last
six weeks every sunday we watch a
christmas film and then
all of this last week we've watched
christmas film every night and i just
love
everything about christmas we're always
playing christmas music in this house
and
it is my favorite time of the year i
love christmas i really really
um love buying presents for my family
like
it's the most fun thing ever um but
everyone this year like got really
really good presents for each other i'm
talking about price i'm not talking
about i like
quantity i'm talking about
sentimentality i think the gifts that we
got for each other this year really show
how well we know each other
and they're my favorite kinds of
presents like presents which have a
meaning behind them and i'm not i'm not
gonna go into too much
about like the meaning behind every
present because every present has a
story behind it and as always with these
videos i'm going to start by telling you
the non-material things that i received
this christmas
the first thing was obviously as i said
the fact that i was able to spend
christmas with my immediate family this
year which i'm so grateful for and i'm
also so grateful for
video calls and new technology which
meant that we were able to call my
grandparents and we were able to say
happy christmas to them and have a
conversation with them and it's not the
same as them being there but
it's the next best thing we made pies
for lunch like christmas pie my dad was
so lovely he like prepped all of the
vegetables and then
my sister and i were able to assemble
the pies ourselves and that was just
like such a fun activity and i really
enjoyed that
and we ate breakfast together which was
nice like usually my sister wakes up
quite late
um and martha got up at 7 30 with me so
we're able to eat breakfast as a family
which was actually such a massive treat
and i we got vegan croissants in so my
parents and sister had normal croissants
the fact that they got vegan croissants
in for me i'm really grateful because i
haven't had a question since i went
vegan pretty much
so i'm really really happy about that
because i love croissants and i
made my mom some raspberry jam so ate
the raspberry jam with the croissants we
played board games after lunch which was
lovely
and played articulate which is one of my
favorites and we watched the nightmare
before christmas which was
great great fun i've mentioned this
before christmas eve is my favorite day
of the year i love the anticipation and
the magic in the air kind of it embodies
like the most magical essence of
christmas
you know when you're when you're a child
and you're lying awake on christmas eve
night waiting for father christmas and
listening for belles and
i feel like going to bed on christmas
eve you still do feel that wonder that
you feel when you're a child
part of you is still like listening out
for sleigh bells because there's so much
anticipation for christmas i'm not sure
maybe that's just me but
i think christmas eve is the most
magical night of the year
and um every christmas eve we meet up
with some family friends and we go on a
walk we feed reindeer and we go for a
pub lunch which
is my favorite thing like as like
christmas even my favorite day of the
year and
we obviously weren't able to do that
this year because of covered but my
mum's sister and i went on a walk with
lola and
we dressed her up in reindeer antlers
and
so it's kind of like going to see the
reindeer in definitely not the same way
and then we zoom called
our close family friends in the evening
which was really nice too so
um it really wasn't the same but um
again it was like the next best thing
and i'm really grateful that we were
able to do that
with that said i'm going to get on to
showing you what i received for
christmas and as always i'm going to
start
with my beautiful christmas talking so
oh i got some sweets first of all
i've already started on this bar as you
can see but i got three
bars of nomo chocolate favorite vegan
chocolate
i also got some graham crackers oh my
gosh these are my favorite sweet things
like i love these obviously you can't
buy them in the uk so my mum got
them like on ebay or something i didn't
know um i got some stickers
this tea bag one these are dark academia
themed ones then i got this very cute
jewelry box which is from accessorize
and also from accessories i got this
really cute little clutch
bag i've actually wanted this for about
two years but i didn't realize my mum
would get this
i got some more ballet tights if you
didn't know i do like valley fit classes
every day
and i also wear these just out and about
these are the other stickers they're
anne of green gables ones
look so this is kind of spirits and then
this one says i'm so glad i live in the
world but there are octobers
which my mom knows is my favorite quote
from anne of green gables mom and i
watch and with an e together so
um that's a very nice gift if you know
me you know
that i love tea i drink like 10 or
10 cups a day maybe sometimes so my mom
got me
two burden blend teas burn burned is
probably my favorite tea company at the
moment enchanted narnia and
monkey chops oh then this is something i
did actually ask for
it's a chai spiced almond butter i love
nut butter it's my favorite food from a
small
independent seller called butter bell oh
my gosh this i was so so excited about
my mom got me
these um taffy acre piles in lychee
flavor
which i really really wanted like i was
so close to getting these myself i
was not expecting these at all but i
really want to try making boba from home
then finally i got these embroidery
scissors
i think my mom got these on ebay these
are in the shape of a stalk and
they are the most cute and beautiful
things ever
if you didn't know i'm trying to get
into embroidery at the moment and say my
own got me those
scissors and then also embroidery kit so
it's like a starter kit
and it shows you like an outline of this
print and then it includes all the
thread and things and you can thread
through
this is from an etsy seller called
cinnamon stitching final thing i got
from father christmas
this might be my favorite gift it's a
may like mouse i'm not sure if you've
ever seen these before but
my mom and i really really really love
them we've never had one but we always
look at them
in um shops together when we go in it is
the christmas mouse
and she's got a little hat which you can
take off and
a skirt which you can take off as well
so you can like dress her in different
clothes
and um i actually funny enough got my
mom one as well which she wasn't
expecting
i got her a little ballerina mouse
how cute we're gonna have hours of fun
aren't we ruby
yeah indeed that's a little daybed so
she can
have a little sit down there okay now
i'm gonna move on to my other gift i did
get a few books this year which i'm very
very excited about
so the first thing i got was from my dad
technically all of these presents are
from both my mum and my dad but
my mum buy some and my dad buy some and
then they give them
separately so i got this book from my
dad it's poem to live your life by and
it's chosen and illustrated by chris
rodell
and my dad chose me this because um i
was talking to him about how chris
riddell was my favorite illustrator
these two books are from my mom the
first one oh my gosh i've wanted to read
this
since i was maybe seven because it's
mentioned in a little princess it's one
of the books sarah reads and it is the
french revolution history by thomas
carlisle
this is a gorgeous gorgeous um edition
my mom got this from oxfam
it's so beautiful history of the french
revolution i love learning about the
french revolution so i'm
very excited to read this and then also
from oxfam
called peggy sg by helen h watson i've
never heard of this before
it's like it's a school story and will
you look at that spine it's got a proper
picture on the spine
this is from christmas 1913 if you can
see
i love books with a message in the front
this next thing
isn't a book but it looks like a book i
think games are a really nice thing to
ask for for christmas so i asked if i
could have lexcom but i was like i'd
love something
just like secondhand um like a pack of
cards for like two pounds so i was not
expecting this it's like
1930s edition of the game with this
beautiful spine
on it and then look you pull it out
and then the cards are in here and this
is just the most
gorgeous gorgeous pack i ever could have
asked for oh my gosh this is one of my
favorite presents okay another thing i
received from my mom is
this statuette which she got from ebay
and
it's a mother and a daughter and i love
this style of ornaments i think that's
so pretty
also from my mom i got this otter jelly
cat my mom and i love otters it's like
our family animal
and otter is also my patronus and my mum
got this as a gift for a family friend
and my mom and i both loved it and so my
dad surprised my mom with one
and my mom surprised me with one so now
my mom and i have matching otters
next i'm going to show you the clothes i
received i got a
nasa sweatshirt which my mom got on
default i wanted a nasa sweatshirt for
like three or four years but i could
never find the perfect one
and my mom found the perfect ones i've
got
a white bubble hat which apparently is
becoming really ratty i didn't even
realize with like a new bobble hat
this is really fluffy it's like really
soft then my dad got me
this top this is a vineyards vines top
i really like the aesthetic of these
tops like i think vineyard vines tops
are so nice
and this one has got books the whale has
books on it
it's really comfortable so thank you
very much dad and then the final piece
of clothing i
got is this dress um this again is from
depop
and it's like a vintagey tea dress with
a beautiful
almost sailor-like collar and this was
from my mum so then i got two bigger
gifts from my parents
oh my gosh ah i literally can't believe
i received these i
i'm so so lucky i feel so so so grateful
for these
i got a picnic basket so it's got this
like clasp thing and then you pull it
back
and on the top there's room for your
picnic blood
blanket so it came with this picnic
blanket which is really nice like blue
and then it's waterproof and so
um this is so perfect i actually love
going on breakfast picnics like
sometimes i'll take my breakfast to a
nearby field
and go and eat it there so it's got this
zipper
and then it's like a cool box inside so
you can store all of your sandwiches and
things
which is so cool like i can't wait to
start using this oh and then inside
i got some tea uh this is the plum apple
and cinnamon
tea from fortnum mason which i haven't
tried and apparently this is one of
their best christmas treats i'm very
excited to try this
then my other main present is from
cannons uk which is a gymnastics company
and my dad got me an air block
which is kind of like the air track i
have but it's thicker
and you can use it for an added jump to
tricks and i'm actually going to bring
this to university with me so that i can
use it to exercise when i'm at
university because my big track is
obviously too big to bring
so i'm really excited to start using
this and i will show you now
this is the air block
it's massive so it's 20 centimeters deep
and it's really bouncy it's really cool
i really like it
so far martha and i were actually using
it yesterday on christmas day
okay so that's everything i received
from my parents i feel so so so lucky
they know me so well
and i love every single one of my
presents
um i'm now going to show you what i
received from my sister when we were
young we would save up our pocket money
and say that we could buy each other
gifts
we just really enjoy exchanging gifts
with each other um
i love finding presents for my sister my
sister got me the most incredible gifts
this year like
i can't believe how well she knows me
and i'm so so grateful for her and
for how well she knows me say i'm going
to show you what she got me
i think this is my favorite thing she
got me so
this is it looks a bit random right but
basically this is a kit you can attach
like this special lens
to your camera and it
lets you get pictures of the stars so
you can take pictures of the stars like
of the night sky
with your camera which is so cool i
love love learning about space if you
didn't know i love astrophysics
martha does know this so i didn't even
know this kind of thing existed and i
can't wait to start using it when
there's a clear night
like oh my gosh this is just this is one
of my favorite gifts i can't wait to use
it
she also got me quite a lot of books so
um the first one is also from
oxfam online uh this is melvin house
which
apparently is a school story
i love a good school story again like
the other one
yeah she said that this looks like the
kind of thing i would love which i
haven't started yet but i think i'm
gonna really enjoy this and it's also
beautiful like
the spine like that's fine so the next
book she got me
is the little book of bees an
illustrator guide to the extraordinary
lives of bees
um my nickname when i was younger was b
this is just a beautiful volume it's
filled with all of these watercolor
illustrations of bees
and you can learn about bees from this i
can't wait to read this
learn everything i need to know about
the different species of bees yeah i'm
very
very excited about this thank you so
much martha and actually to go along
with that oh my gosh
she got me this bracelet which i've been
wearing overnight since christmas
because
i love it so if you can see
it's a bee bracelet from oliver bonus
this really dainty little silver
bracelet
i really wanted to get a dainty silver
bracelet like this for a while because i
had one but it broke
um last year yeah i wasn't expecting her
to get me one so this was a lovely
surprise and
i don't think i'm gonna take it off i
think this might be something i always
wear now
if you're a big book one you've probably
seen this book a lot in waterstones i
know i have and i've really wanted it
but
it's just too extravagant to buy for
yourself but martha
surprised me with a poem for every night
of the year which is edited by ali
a siri and basically for every single
day
it gives you a new poem and so i read
obviously the ones for like christmas
eve christmas day
unboxing day to day i feel like martha
just got me really beautiful books like
the kind of books i would just want to
display and just look out for hours then
the final book martha got me
is this one a property by joanna isles
which
um she got on oxfam again um i love
oxfam for books like
you can get these really cool vintage
books look at the illustrations in this
thing
again there are all these beautiful
watercolor illustrations
and it's a guide to
afternoon tea etiquette i love afternoon
tea like i wrote my family into having
little afternoon teas on sundays
sometimes
and this is a guide on how to have
afternoon tea traditionally
so it's got um details on like all of
the different tea flavors and how to
brew them
and when to have them and then it's got
recipes for things you can bake for
afternoon tea
and it's just such a cool book like it's
just such a thoughtful gift
and again i can't wait to read this
you've had that for every single book
i've received but i love all of the
books i got okay so next martha got me
some clothes
the first thing she got me is this pair
of
sweatpants from zara i think this is
going to be perfect for camping
because they're really warm inside and
you always get so cold when you're
camping so
i can't wait to wear these over the
summer and the second thing she got me
is from my depop like list again you can
see a trend with all of these clothes
so martha got me this dress it's very
cottage cory
yellow checked with a beautiful peter
pan collar
this fits perfectly and i wore it
yesterday
and i can't wait to wear it especially
when spring starts up here
so next martha got me some candles from
this etsy shop called the natural soy
candle shop
i got some tea lights this one is in
winterberry by the fire this one in
frankincense and myrrh
and then these little um like hanging
ornaments in christmas tree
and i think you hang these from the tree
and then they smell like fur which is
really cool
she also got me a big candle in
winter so so good literally on christmas
eve i used up this winter candle so
now i can start using this one for the
rest of winter which i'm very excited
about
lastly got me this candle which is in
cinnamon and vanilla this is my favorite
oh my gosh it smells like pumpkins
and then finally from martha she like as
i said
she just went like she just got me the
most amazing gifts this year
martha got me this tote bag which i
think is from celeron depot
do you recognize that who is that
this is a hand embroidered
tote bag with timothy chamolay on it in
call me by your name i
love the book of call me by your name
and timothy jamily is my favorite actor
i just think this is such a cool gift i
love how he's leaning on books as well
yeah thank you martha anyway
thank you so much for watching this
video i hope you enjoyed watching it
and i do hope that you and your family
had a good christmas i hope that you
managed to have a good christmas
or a happy hanukkah or a happy kwanzaa
or that you just enjoyed the day it has
been strange it has been so weird and i
know it's going to have been so
difficult for people as i said
um but i'm sending lots of love
christmas spirits
and the best best wishes for the year
ahead
2021 is going to better than 2020. and
to anyone who did celebrate christmas by
themselves this year
i want to say thank you um on behalf
of so many people because you are
keeping you're keeping the world safe
you're keeping other people safe by
having made that
awful decision and really hard sacrifice
that your kindness like is so so
valuable
and that you've given such an amazing
gift to people by
celebrating christmas by yourself by
sacrificing seeing certain people
and that can't be undermined how
valuable that gift is that you could
have saved somebody's life and so i want
to say thank you
um anyway thank you for watching this
video and i hope that you have a
productive week
you